README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)
# React capstone project - Metrics webapp

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

- HTML5.
- CSS.
- React.
- Visual Studio Code.
- Git.
- GitHub.
- Webpack.
- ECMA6.
- React-Redux.
- Snapshot for testing.
- The header have 2 pages: Main and stats.

## Getting Started with Create React App

If you want to clone this project:
- Go to GitHub repository.
- Click on the green button that say 'Code'.
- Copy the SSH link.
- On your local machine, type the command git clone and paste the SSH link.

## Live demo video (Netlify deployment) you click here:

[live server](https://neon-tapioca-8259d3.netlify.app/)

## Available Scripts

- HTML5.
- CSS.
- React-Redux.
- Visual Studio Code.
- Git
- GitHub
- Webpack
- ECMA6
- Components such as missions and rockets reducers, actions and styling files.

## Getting Started with Create React App

If you want to clone this project:
- Go to GitHub repository
- Click on the green button that say 'Code'
- Copy the SSH link
- On your local machine, type the command git clone and paste the SSH link

### Prerequisites
- Code editor
- Knowledge in HTML
- Knowledge in Javascript (ES6), API's, Webpack, and CSS.
- Handle on local repository Git

### Setup
- Clone the repository
- Change directory into the project folder
- Install dependencies
- Open project with text editor to view changes
- Run the code using [live server](https://www.google.com/search?client=safari&rls=en&q=live+server&ie=UTF-8&oe=UTF-8)

### Install
- Feel free to clone the repository at this URL: https://github.com/armandocomellas1/redux-add-bookstore/tree/redux-bookstore-review

### Usage
- Make changes to javascript and html files then submit pull requests

### Run tests
- You can use a live server to run the tests

### Deployment
- Run the project in your local browser to view the index.html

## Authors

👤 **Armando Comellas**

- GitHub: [@armandocomellas](https://github.com/armandocomellas1)
- Twitter: [@armando_comellas](https://twitter.com/armando_comellas)
- LinkedIn: [@armandoComellasd](https://www.linkedin.com/in/armando-comellas-mayo-a8a8b8b6/)

## Author2
👤 **Tamana Balkhi**

- GitHub: [@tamana-Balkhi](https://github.com/tamana-Balkhi)
- Twitter:[@TAMANA1377](https://twitter.com/TAMANA1377)
- LinkedIn:[Tamana balkhi](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tamana-balkhi-1212171b6/)

## Authors notice
- Thank you @tamana for helping in this project we were working together according the instructions.

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

-I thank Microverse for its documentation.

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed

Commit message:

Add proper description of the project live demo server and link of loom about my presentation

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)
# React capstone project - Metrics webapp

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

- HTML5.
- CSS.
- React.
- Visual Studio Code.
- Git.
- GitHub.
- Webpack.
- ECMA6.
- React-Redux.
- Snapshot for testing.
- The header have 2 pages: Main and stats.

## Getting Started with Create React App

If you want to clone this project:
- Go to GitHub repository.
- Click on the green button that say 'Code'.
- Copy the SSH link.
- On your local machine, type the command git clone and paste the SSH link.

## Live demo video (Netlify deployment) you click here:

[live server](https://meek-cucurucho-0a7b75.netlify.app/details)

## Available Scripts

- HTML5.
- CSS.
- React-Redux.
- Visual Studio Code.
- Git
- GitHub
- Webpack
- ECMA6
- Components such as Main, MainRenderer and Details JavaScript files, reducers, actions and styling files.

## Getting Started with Create React App

If you want to clone this project:
- Go to GitHub repository
- Click on the green button that say 'Code'
- Copy the SSH link
- On your local machine, type the command git clone and paste the SSH link

### Prerequisites
- Code editor
- Knowledge in HTML
- Knowledge in Javascript (ES6), API's, Webpack, and CSS.
- Handle on local repository Git

### Setup
- Clone the repository
- Change directory into the project folder
- Install dependencies
- Open project with text editor to view changes
- Run the code using [live server](https://www.google.com/search?client=safari&rls=en&q=live+server&ie=UTF-8&oe=UTF-8)

### Install
- Feel free to clone the repository at this URL: https://github.com/armandocomellas1/redux-add-bookstore/tree/redux-bookstore-review

### Usage
- Make changes to javascript and html files then submit pull requests

### Run tests
- You can use a live server to run the tests

### Deployment
- Run the project in your local browser to view the index.html

## Authors

👤 **Armando Comellas**

- GitHub: [@armandocomellas](https://github.com/armandocomellas1)
- Twitter: [@armando_comellas](https://twitter.com/armando_comellas)
- LinkedIn: [@armandoComellasd](https://www.linkedin.com/in/armando-comellas-mayo-a8a8b8b6/)

## Authors credits

- Thanks to [Nelson Sakwa](https://www.behance.net/gallery/31579789/Ballhead-App-(Free-PSDs)) for the amazing work she did in the [Ballhead App (Free PSDs)](https://www.behance.net/sakwadesignstudio), which was used as a reference and guide for this webpage.

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

-I thank Microverse for its documentation.

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed
